CISC 3300 F24 
In class assignment 2 
1. An inline element does not start on a new line. 
2. Image files can be accessed relative to the html file. 
3. The compression algorithm for a PNG file is lossless. 
4. The form element gives you a set of input elements to collect data from your users.
5. CSS makes styling rules for html elements. 
6. More specific selectors (such as using an ID instead of a class) will take precedence over less specific selectors. 
7. HTML treats every element as living in its own box. 
8. Specifying auto as the second parameter of margin basically tells the browser to automatically determine the left and right margins itself, which it does by setting them equally. 
9. The padding property allows you to specify how much space should appear between the content of an element and its border. 
10. We are going to make a login page: 
1. create a file called in-class-2.html 
2. create a file called in-class-2.css 
3. make an: 
a. html element 
b. head element with: 
i. a link element with: 
1. a href attribute with a value of inclass3.css 
2. a type attribute with a value of text/css 
3. a rel attribute with a value of stylesheet 
c. body element 
4. make a form element, it should have: 
a. an id attribute with the value of login-form 
5. make a label element, it should have: 
a. a for attribute with the value of username 
b. and content of Username: 
6. make an input element, it should have: 
a. a class attribute of text-input
b. type attribute of text 
c. id attribute of username 
d. name attribute of username 
e. placeholder of Enter Username 
7. make a label element, it should have: 
a. a for attribute with the value of password 
b. and content of Password: 
8. make an input element, it should have: 
a. a class attribute of text-input 
b. type attribute of password 
c. id attribute of password 
d. name attribute of password 
e. placeholder of Enter Password 
9. make an input element, it should have: 
a. a class attribute of button-input 
b. a type attribute of submit 
c. a value attribute of Submit 
10. in the in-class-2.css file 
a. make a rule for the login-form id, it should have: 
i. some vertical margin and horizontal auto 
ii. a width value, 300px for example 
iii. some border radius, 5px for example 
iv. a background-color: #f2f2f2; 
v. some padding 
b. make a rule for for input elements, it should have: 
i. display set to block 
c. make a rule for the text-input class, it should have: 
i. width to 100% 
ii. some padding 
iii. some margin 
iv. a border: 1px solid #ccc 
v. some border radius, 5px for example 
d. make a rule for the button-input class, it should have: 
i. width set to 100% 
ii. a background-color: #0d6efd; 
iii. color set to white 
iv. some padding 
v. some margin 
vi. a border 1px solid #ccc 
vii. some border radius 
viii. cursor set to pointer 
In addition to the HTML and CSS files, create an in-class-2.txt file in your repository and include the answers to questions 1-9 there.
